DOC-1009: Document Tabfocus and tabindex changes (#2183)
tinymce/tinymce-docs: how-to-guides/migration-from-5x.md

```

For information on using the latest development and testing builds, see: [Cloud deployment guide - Specify editor & plugin versions]({{site.baseurl}}/cloud-deployment-guide/editor-plugin-version/).

## Plugin Changes

### Tabfocus plugin removed

> The Tabfocus plugin has been removed in TinyMCE 6.0. This includes the `tabfocus_elements` option.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Tabfocus plugin has been removed in {{site.productname}} 6.0. This includes the `tabfocus_elements` option.
```

> Instead, tab order should be configured by specifying [`tabindex`](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/HTML/Global_attributes/tabindex) on the target element for the editor, or the equivalent if using a framework. This allows tab order to be handled by the browser. In inline mode, this works as in TinyMCE 5.x. In iframe mode, TinyMCE now copies the `tabindex` attribute from the target element to the editor's iframe, to allow this to work correctly.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Instead, tab order should be configured by specifying the [`tabindex` attribute](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/HTML/Global_attributes/tabindex) on the target element for the editor, or the equivalent if using a framework. This allows the tab order to be handled by the browser. In inline mode, this works as in {{site.productname}} 5.x. In iframe (classic editor) mode, {{site.productname}} now copies the `tabindex` attribute from the target element to the editor's iframe, to allow this to work correctly.
```

> Instead, tab order should be configured by specifying the [`tabindex` attribute](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/HTML/Global_attributes/tabindex) on the target element for the editor, or the equivalent if using a framework. This allows the tab order to be handled by the browser. In inline mode, this works as in {{site.productname}} 5.x. In iframe (classic editor) mode, {{site.productname}} now copies the `tabindex` attribute from the target element to the editor's iframe, to allow this to work correctly.

Reviewer 2: This migration / changelog section has more information than the actual docs that we're linking to. Should we move the bulk of this over to the actual section, and then just link to it from here?

If we do leave more content here, can we fix the "or equivalent if using a framework" here as well?

Author: Will prob remove the integration part. I'll check on the info. Iirc this has more because it's comparing 5 and 6 though. Or at least, that's what I intended...

Author: I don't think I copied any real info across, but I did add an example.

> This allows integrators to define the tab order of the page using standard HTML attributes, or the equivalent in any frameworks used, without needing to specially configure TinyMCE. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This allows integrators to define the tab order of the page using standard HTML attributes, or the equivalent in any frameworks used, without needing to specially configure {{site.productname}}. 
```
